I've added in some new sections:

 * 40/34 Building in ems.  This isn't finished yet but something that I feel needs to be in there as it's a technique that just makes a lot of problems go away.  It's also a pre-requisite for:
 * 40/35 Dealing with very small screens.  This is not only topical with smart watches but I think re-inforces some of the other content by coming at it from the other end.
- I've not got to these yet, but will do this week. 

 * 20/30 Aria attributes.  More something that has to be there for completeness.
- See separate note on this.

I've also expanded on 10/10 and 10/20 - the what and the why.
- Cool - though more needs to be done. (But you know that.)

Performance is probably going to be a bigger topic and I'm giving a talk about it at TechMeetup next month as it will serve for both that and this :-)
- Yay for repurposing material.

I'll have a think about the introduction but want to leave that until I'm closer to finished and have a better idea of where the book stacks up.
- Fair enough, just be aware that you may need to go back through and ceed little bits here and there as a result.

I don't like the term homework due to school implications but, ultimately, naming things is hard and it's just a word ;-)
- I'm trying Next Steps this week. 

Don't worry about changes getting lost, no losing changes is one of the main purposes of a version control system!
- Ok. 

Two spaces after a full stop is how I was taught to type on a typewriter by my Mum who was a professional PA.  I know it's not necessary with modern typesetting but it's so deep in my muscle memory that if I want to do a single space I do a double and then backspace the second one out!  Also, I spend the majority of my time using a monospaced font where the extra space is typographically necessary and it then gets converted to HTML which reverts the double spaces to single spaces.
- Fair enough. I'll probably end up fixing some of them, but that's because it's been so ingrained in me to do so that it's now an auto-response. (And yes, it took quite a while to get rid of the auto double space - if you don't need to, don't bother!)